# Full changelog from version `1.3.4.1` to `1.3.5`.

----------
Modified the saddle recipe to match the one added in snapshot 25w20a.

- Trivia:
  - Nerfed resistance, and other effects you get from the rewards.
  - Decreased the trivia effect length from 30 to 20 minutes, and to 10 minutes if the Callback wildcard is active.

- Snails:
  - Halved the distance the snails teleport to you when you get too far from them.
  - If snails drown you, they now teleport away after, so that they can't drown you twice.
  - When snails start falling above water, they will now start flying instead of falling in it. This should fix snails being in water after they spawn or teleport.
----------
Updated Polymer to version 0.12.4.<br>
Updated Blockbench Import Library to version 1.3.0.
----------
Added a command to get the lives of everyone (/lives get *).<br>
If the players_drop_items_on_final_death config is turned on, the inventory of the players that die will now be cleared to prevent duplicating the items.<br>
Zombie deaths no longer spam the chat with the 'Unjustified kill' messages.<br>
When zombies are killed, their lives can now go into the negatives.<br>
Crash fix (maybe? idk)
----------
The 'Queued session actions' message now only appears if there are any queued actions.<br><br>
Enabled animal disguise for the following mobs (i manually fixed each animation bug that was causing the different animals to be broken): Goat, Vex, Allay, Phantom, Cod, Tropical fish, Salmon, Tadpole, Bee, Horse, Skeleton horse, Zombie horse, Silverfish, Endermite, Blaze, Breeze.<br>
 *So that means the only disabled animals are now: Axolotl and Dolphin - i couldn't manage to fix their animations.*<br><br>
Banned enchants now properly remove the enchant, instead of setting the level to zero. This also fixes a bug where if an enchant was both in the clamped enchants and in the banned enchants, it would not be removed, just clamped.
----------
Reworked the core functionality of the Hunger wildcard (AGAIN - this is like the third time, it better be the last).<br>
Fixed a bug where you sometimes could not eat some food without relogging, or where you could eat food, but it would only give visual client-side only nutrition and saturation.<br>
Fixed being able to see what effects the food would give you with client-side mods, like appleskin.
----------
Added the 'tick_offline_players' config for Limited Life: Controls whether even players that are offline lose time when the session is on. Default value is false.<br><br>
Any items with the NoAnvil component now can't be used in the anvil.<br>
Any items with the NoCrafting component now can't be used in the crafting menu.<br>
Any items with the NoEnchants component now can't be used in the enchantment table.<br>
Any items with the NoModifications component act as if they had all three of the listed above - NoAnvil, NoCrafting, NoEnchants.<br><br>
The trivia / Secret Life mace now has the NoModifications component, instead of the previous one it had (NoMending).
----------
Improved the code for the entire config system (still functions the same as before, but it has actually readable code now)

----------
Added the blacklist_banned_potions global config - controls which potion effects are banned. Default value: [strength, instant_health, instant_damage].<br>
Fixed items disappearing when clicking on them in creative mode.

----------
The dev versions no longer cause the *minor* mod update checker to crash.

----------
The Boogeyman can no longer be cured by killing a red life in Last Life and Limited Life.<br><br>
Added the global 'givelife_command_enabled' config, which controls whether the '/givelife' command is enabled. Default value is false (except in Last Life, where it's true). This config is disabled in Limited Life.<br>
The 'givelife_lives_max' config is no longer Last Life specific.<br><br>
The Limited Life client-side timer no longer tries to tick down when the session has not started.
----------
Added the 'wildcard_superpowers_zombies_lose_items' Wild Life config, which controls if zombies lose their items when they get respawned. Default value is true.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_superpowers_zombies_revive_by_killing_dark_green' Wild Life config, which controls if zombies can get back to red life by killing dark green players. Default value is false.<br><br>
*(and yes, i know these long config names are getting ridiculous, but i want similar stuff to be alphabetically close to each other, plus you can't even see these long names in the in game config)*<br><br>
Bug fixes.
----------
Updated Polymer to 0.12.6 for 1.21.5.<br>
Changed the 'blacklist_banned_potions' global config into 'blacklist_banned_potion_effects', and changed its behaviour to now block any of the banned effects from being applied to any player, plus clearing any of the banned effects every 5 ticks.<br>
Superpowers that cancel fall damage now also cancel falling onto a stalagmite and flying into a wall with an elytra.
----------
Added the 'tab_list_show_dead_players' default config, which controls whether dead players show up in the tab list. Default value is true.<br>
NOTE: Since minecraft uses the same system for chat validation as for the tab list, i have to manually store info about the players from when they first join (as they are later removed from the list). This is required, as otherwise any messages the dead players send will be seen as just the 'Chat Validation Error' error message. The reason i'm pointing this out is that i'm not 100% sure how minecraft's chat validation works, so there may be some problems with the dead players not being able to send messages.
----------
Added the 'tab_list_show_lives' global config, which controls whether players' lives show up next to their name in the tab list. Default value is false, except for Wild Life. If the mod is installed *client-side*, any players with four or more lives show up as '4+' instead of the actual number, to match how it was in Wild Life.<br>
The config now automatically updates when you modify it through the client gui, so you no longer have to type '/lifeseries reload' every time.
----------
Updated stonecutter from 0.5 to 0.7-alpha.21<br>
Added proper command feedback (Other admins can now see some commands you run).
----------
- Session Transcript improvements:
  - Now tracks events that happen outside the session duration.
  - Improved header information.
  - Is no longer sometimes missing the header.
  - Now tracks commands globally with the command feedback, instead of having to individually call functions from each of my commands. This also dramatically increases the number of things the session transcript tracks.
----------
Updated to 1.21.6

----------
Multiple crash fixes for 1.21.6.<br>
Added the 1.21.6+ specific global config 'locator_bar', which enables / disables the locator bar.<br>
Renamed the 'auto_keep_inventory' config to just 'keep_inventory'.<br>
Default player health now reloads properly when it's changed in the config.<br>
Added a warning to all configs that need you to actually run '/reload' after you change them in the GUI (only the spawner_recipe config has this so far, unless i forgot about some).<br>
Wild Life zombies' health no longer gets reset to max sometimes.
----------
Improved the code for showing the cryptic titles for when a wildcard is activated.<br>
The info text on the right hand side of the screen (session timer & other timers) )no longer renders partially cut off.
----------
Fixed some invisible text in GUIs in 1.21.6.<br>
Changed the default key for activating superpowers to 'R' instead of 'G' in 1.21.6+, since G is now used in vanilla for Quick Actions.<br>
A whole bunch of testing in 1.21.6 and i found no bugs (soo let's hope there arent many :>)
----------
Fixed issues with the Limited Life client-side lives timer desyncyng from the server-side one.<br>
This also unfortunately means that the lives timer no longer ticks down at the same timer as the session timer, but what can ya do.<br>
Temporarily disabled the Trivia Bot display in the quiz gui, as it's not working properly in 1.21.6.<br>
Updated Stonecutter to 0.7-beta.4