# Full changelog from version `1.3.5` to `*`.

----------

You no longer get teleported to your death position when you final die below the world, which fixes a bug where you get stuck in a death loop, since you can die to the void in spectator mode for some reason...<br>
Tested and implemented the new resourcepacks.

----------

Added a way to set a specific players' task to what you want, using the `/task set player <task_difficulty> <task>` command.<br>
If the player already has a task book, it will be instantly replaced with the new one. If not, this command will force their task to be what you set it to on the next randomization.<br>
So for example: `/task set Mat0u5 easy Open the end portal.` would give the player Mat0u5 the easy task book which says "Open the end portal".

----------

Removed Cardinal Components API dependency.<br>
Completely reworked the animal disguise backend to no longer need CCAPI.

----------

Fixed animal disguise limb rendering.<br>
Animal disguise model no longer appears when you're in spectator or if you have invisibility.

----------

The session now properly stops when you change a series, or when the server stops.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_superpowers_superspeed_step' Wild Life config, which controls whether you can step up blocks when using the superspeed power (like riding a horse). Default value is `false`.<br>
When zombies fully revive (if the config allows it), their health is now reset to normal, and they are no longer treated still in the zombies list.<br>
Fixed a bug with necromancy + mimic.

----------

Separated Client and Main enviroments<br>
Improved folder management<br>
Optimized imports

----------

Renamed all usages of "series" to "season".<br>
The only place 'series' still remains is if it refers to the mod, Life Series, and in the three commands that choose the season you want to play, so 'chooseSeries', 'setSeries' and 'getSeries'. The reason i kept the commands the same is because i can already see the amount of people saying the mod is broken if i'd change it :)

----------

Snail air can no longer get stuck on a specific value if the snail despawns / it's turned off in the config.<br>
Necromancy zombies and Creaking from the power can no longer spawn in mid air.<br>
Fixed a bug where you couldn't use '/limitedlife time get *'.<br>
Fixed a bug where if a player loses all lives without dying (so with a command), and is brought back to life, when they then died, they would be teleported to their first place where they lost their lives.

----------

Opening the tab list while having the 'tab_list_show_lives' config enabled while a player does not have any assigned lives no longer causes a crash.<br>
The 'tab_list_show_lives' config is now compatible with Limited Life.

----------

Added boogeyman fail and cure sounds, along with the 'You have failed.' text.

----------

Added a custom config GUI, allowing for more customization of the mod.<br>
Removed Cloth Config dependency.

----------

Snail textures now properly work in 1.21.6+

----------

Added a temporary static trivia bot texture to the trivia gui for 1.21.6+ instead of the text saying its broken.<br>
Added an option in the client config to disable the minimal armor resourcepack.

----------

Added the ability to enable / disable the boogeyman in any season.<br>
You can now choose the min/max amount of boogeymen, along with the multiplier (in the config).<br>
You can now prevent certain players from becoming the boogeyman & force players to become the boogeyman (in the config).<br>
You can now set when the boogeyman will be chosen (in the config.. again xd).

----------

Removed the 'auto_set_worldborder' config, which was replaced with the 'worldborder_size' integer config. Default value is 500.<br>
Added the 'session_timer' client-side config, which serves as a replacement for the '/session timer showDisplay' command, although that option is still also available. Default value is true for all seasons except Limited Life<br>
Added the 'colorblind_support' client-side config, which shows the team color name next to players' usernames in the tab list and above their heads in game.
