# Full changelog from version `1.3.6.5` to `1.3.7.2`.

----------

The client now resets stored data when it logs off the server.

----------

Soulmates in Double Life no longer get damage ticked when you take damage while blocking with a shield.<br>
Improved the `/boogeyman list` command.

----------

Fixed a bug where the client would crash when the hearts in the config entry were negative.<br>
Made some Secret Life configs heart config entries.<br>

Added config entries for seconds and minutes, which show the readable time in the popup above the textbox.<br>
Lots of configs from Limited Life, Secret Life, Wild Life are now these types.

----------

Added a Click to expand/collapse text to text config entries which are group headers.<br>
Added the 'givelife_broadcast' global config, which controls whether the "Player1 received a life from Player2" message shows up in chat. Default value is false.

----------

The timers and cooldowns in the mod no longer show up when you press F1.<br>
Added the 'broadcast_color_changes' Limited Life config, which sends a message in chat to all players when someone changes color. Default value is false.

----------

Added the Real Life season cuz why not. It's identical to Third Life, just has a separate config and you can select it in the april fools seasons menu.

----------

The creative mode ignores blacklist config now works even when players in creative open chests or try to pick up items from the ground.<br>
Added the 'max_player_kill_health' Secret Life config, which controls the maximum health a player can have after killing another player. Default value is 1000 (so basically uncapped).

----------

Added the 'announce_soulmates' config to Double Life, which shows the soulmate name when they are rolled. Default value is false.<br>
Added the 'boogeyman_announce_outcome' global config, which broadcasts a message in chat when the boogeyman fails or is cured. Default value is true.<br>
When the session ends and the boogeyman is offline, it now actually removes their lives instead of telling the adming to do it when the player logs on again.<br>
Killing a boogeyman in Double Life no longer cures them (they used to be cured because technically they caused the death of their soulmate)

----------

Added the 'broadcast_secret_keeper' Secret Life Config, which shows a message in chat when anyone succeeds, fails or rerolls a task. Default value is false.<br>
Added the 'broadcast_life_gain' Wild Life config, which shows a message in chat when someone gains a life by killing a dark green. Default value is false.

----------

In Double Life, all soulmates are now given a tag, `soulmate_<index>` where the index is determined by sorting all players by UUID and assigning consecutive numbers to each pair (starting from 1)<br>
Wild Life zombies are periodically checked to be alive, and if so, they are internally removed from the zombies list and given back the default number of hearts.<br>
Added the 'tab_list_show_exact_lives' config, which controls whether to show '4+' or the exact number of lives in the tab list when above four. Default value is false.

----------

Swapped Real Life and Simple Life order in the choose april fools season menu.<br>
Added the 'soulbound_food' config to Double Life, which makes you share a hunger bar with your soulmate just like the health bar. Default value is false.

----------

Added the 'show_health_below_name' global config, which allows you to show the health below the player usename. Default value is false.<br>
Using the '/givelife' command in Double Life now instantly syncs the lives with your soulmate (it was broken both on the sending end and receiving end).

----------

Session timer length now persists even if you change the series.<br>
Shortened the unjustified kill message, because it was too long.<br>
Added a new keybind, which exectues a command when pressed. Only available in life series developer versions. Default command is '/lifeseries config' and default keybind key is left alt. You can change the command it runs in the client config.

----------

The blacklists are now compatible with modded items.<br>
The blacklists no longer sometimes show incorrect items in the client GUI when empty entries are present.

----------

Added the Watchers.
Watchers are players that are online, but are not affected by most season mechanics. They can only observe.
This is very useful for spectators and for admins.

<details open>
<summary>/watcher command</summary>

- `/watcher info` - Shows info on what the Watchers are.
- `/watcher list` - Shows a list of all the Watchers.
- `/watcher add <player>` - Removes `<player>` from the Watchers.
- `/watcher remove <player>` - Adds `<player>` to the Watchers.
</details>

This is an experimental feature, report any bugs you find! (There will probably be many bugs.)

----------

Using `/lives reset <player>` or `/lives resetAll` now sets the players' lives to the default, instead of letting them be unassigned.<br>
You can now be dark green in Limited Life when you are above the default number of seconds.

----------

Added the 'watchers_in_tab' global config, which controls whether the Watchers are shown in the tab list. Default value is true.<br>
Added the 'watchers_muted' global config, which controls whether the Watchers can send messages in chat. Default value is false.

----------

Player muting when playing trivia, or when dead / being a watcher with the appropriate config, is now handled server-side, not client-side.

----------

Some season specific commands no longer even get suggested when you are not playing that season.<br>
You now cannot give a life to your soulmate in Double Life<br>
When using /givelife in Double Life, your soulmate now has to confirm the action.

----------

Fixed block blacklist and clamped enchants blacklist having the wrong default values in all seasons.

----------

All minutes config entries can now be properly saved.<br>
Any time a player is put into survival while they are in the air, they are now teleported to the ground so that they don't take fall damage.

----------

Merged the '/limitedlife time' command into the '/lives' command. Finally. (Needs the time argument in Limited Life, otherwise accepts normal numbers.)<br>
Changed the '/lastlife rollLives' command into the '/lives rollLives' command.

----------

You can now use multiple targets for '/task set/fail/succeed/reroll'.<br>
You can now use '/task fail/succeed/reroll' when the session is not on.<br>
Using '/task set' while the session is on but the player has already submitted their task now gives a book instead of pre-assigning.

----------

Snails no longer chase players in creative mode.<br>
Snails now properly despawn when you're dead.

----------

You can no longer evade snails by using the astral projection superpower.<br>
Mimicry now works with astral projection. clones, same with player disguise.<br>
You can no longer get bigger when the size shifting wildcard is active while you're in astral projection.<br>
You no longer get put back into survival when the session ends, and you had the astral projection superpower.

----------

When a player dies or logs off, their superpower now gets deactivated.<br>
Reworked the backend logic for if a player is allowed to attack another player.<br>
In seasons where you gain a reward for killing, you no longer do when it's an unjustified kill.<br>
Added the 'allow_self_defense' global config, which controls whether self-defense kills should count as unjustified. Default value is true. You do not gain rewards for killing for self-defence.

----------

Added the 'wildcard_hunger_effect_level' Wild Life config, which controls the hunger effect level. Default value is 3.

----------

Added the 'soulbound_effects' Double Life config, which makes your effects be shared with your soulmate. Default value is false.<br>
Added the 'soulbound_inventories' Double Life config, which makes your inventory be shared with your soulmate. Default value is false. WARNING: There could be some ways of abusing this (duping etc). Use with caution.

----------

The inventory no longer gets updated when you swing your hand.<br>
When you join a session late and the boogeyman has been chosen, but the session has already ended, you can no longer become the boogeyman.<br>
Using '/lives reset' now syncs lives in Double Life properly.<br>
When the final feath message config is empty, the message now gets fully skipped.

----------

Watchers are no longer affected by the Hunger wildcard nor the Size Shifting wildcard.<br>
Players now get notified when they become / are no longer a Watcher.<br>
The Lives scoreboard now properly gets created again.

----------

Players no longer get put into spectator mode when last life is selected.<br>
Fixed command permission issues with '/boogeyman list' and '/lives rollLives'

----------

Fixed a bug where the components of items would be ignored in the blacklist when playing Wild Life.<br>
The items for the hunger wildcard how get updated properly.<br>
Added the '/hunger randomizeFood' command.